== LGL UI 0.1 javascript

LGL UI is javascript package with several UI controls.

For more information, see http://github.com/greenlaw110/lgl_ui

== What's inside?

* scrodicator. A visual indicator indicate the next up/down element to scroll out.
* scrollbar. A wrapper of Control.Scrollbar from http://livepipe.net/control/scrollbar. Easy to integrate with scrodicator

== Installation/Usage

In order to use scrodicator, you need prototype.js (from http://prototypejs.org), 
effects.js (from http://script.aculo.us), prototype-element-extensions.js, lgl_ui.js, 
scrodicator.js.

To use scrollbar, you need additional slider.js (from http://script.aculo.us), 
livepipe.js (http://livepipe.net), scrollbar.js (http://livepipe.net)

Put required js files in a directory of your website, e.g. /javascripts.

Now, you can include the scripts by adding the following 
tags to the HEAD section of your HTML pages:

 <script src="/javascripts/xxx.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
 
For detail usage, please refer to the sample files.


== The distribution

The distribution contains two sample html files:

* sample-scrodicator.html. Demonstrate how to use scrodicator in your html file
* sample-scrodicator-scrollbar.html. Demonstrate how to use scrodicator along with a customized scrollbar in your html file

The required javascript file is either included in the src folder, or via http link defined in the sample file.

== License

lgl_ui is licensed under the terms of the MIT License, 
see the included MIT-LICENSE file.